How is that possible?
Gu Jinxi is a street stall selling singing
How could it be better than me?
He had no background, no power.
How could it be Chunxi, the gold producer?
He also married Third Master Shen
Finished writing Gu Jinxi, who I regard as tourmaline
Will become the mistress of the Shen family
But Mr. Shen, who I can't look up to.
He married Gu Jingxi
He won't let me go.
They won't let go of my trash
Why didn't you stop me?
I'm the one who cares about this, it's all dead
I'm just a small part-time worker
How could I possibly know the third master?
Mr. Shen doesn't want to use marriage
Are you tying up Miss Chunxi?
It's with me.
You are always free to do what you want
Shen Jia is the only one who chooses not to cherish
You really know how to flaunt in the name of Dawn
Don't you even give Mr. Yu face?
Isn't Miss Song the female companion surnamed Ye?
Ouch, Mr. Yu, you are really joking
I have nothing to do with him
Please don't get me wrong.
I'm just here to accompany him to do some amazing software
Every day this bitch
See that I have no value to be a man
I'm doing this for your own good. Shut up
Mr. Yu or Miss Song knows the current affairs, right?
Mr. Yu, you have flattered me.
But if you want to work with people
You can consider me.
I'm not a gold producer.
But I still admire you very much
No need for that.
I am still with
I only want to cooperate with people like Miss Chenxi
Tian Tian, you are so thick-skinned
What are you crazy about?
Isn't it just a producer?
empty name
Without the Shen family, you are nothing
Don't you just have a fancy for the Shen family, which is a wealthy family?
Are you rich and powerful?
I don't need a wealthy family
I am wealthy
Miss Dawn
Don't get old in love
Giving up my career for a man
That's a big loss.
Isn't that Ye Zigan Qiangchu?
Thank you for the reminder
But I believe Shen Yanjun is not like this.
And I don't cooperate with you Huanyu.
It was my choice.
Chenxi, are you worried about our Huanyu?
I won't do my best for you.
It's okay, I also prepared a big gift
Today I will let you see the strength of our Huanyu
And sincerity to you